Good afternoon and good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
We're just going to go right into prayer; I won't keep you all too long.
I told D, 'Let's surprise them and come on early today and see how the crowds are.'We've never really been on in the afternoons before.
We always wait until the evenings so Australia can pray with us; they're usually in the middle of their day.
I know a lot of people from Australia and New Zealand pray with us the later we get.
We thought we would pray with you this afternoon and see who comes; it might be some from Europe. We have a lot to talk about.
In our last prayer call, the Lord showed us a lot concerning this war and praying over our military men and women.
That was a lot of detail, but the Lord will not allow me to go into much of it. I'll talk about some of the details I was shown.
We were shown more about hotels on the Chicago riverfront, and I saw a major explosive device—I'll say it like that for the YouTube live—that went off in the middle of the hotel.
There were two buildings side by side on a riverfront that were a hotel.
I do not know what this is, but it looked like a black building.
We'll go over that, and then we'll go over the Illuminati and what I saw about that; we'll just do the highlights and jump right into prayer.
Let's go into what I saw about the aircraft carrier, the Abraham Lincoln.
I don't know the difference between aircraft carriers, but I heard the name Abraham Lincoln and to pray over that particular boat.
I saw another boat that was part of its entourage, like its buddies, attached to the Abraham Lincoln.
When I was shown this explosion, it took place in the middle of that smaller boat off to the side.
It was a long boat, and I could see the crew members being shot into the air.
I don't know if they have anti-aircraft missiles on the inside that would protect them.
In the middle of the flight deck where the planes take off, something came from above—whether it was a drone or a missile—and it caused the whole flight deck to explode.
I saw crew members being blown off that deck and scattered all over the place.
That's what happened in this vision; that was the moment I saw our crew members being taken out that way, and that's what we were praying for.
Do we see an escalation so far? No. I'm believing we will have a liberation of the people without anybody getting hurt.
When we were interceding yesterday, I prayed that we would not see anybody go to war and that they would disarm themselves, give away their nuclear program, and there would be liberation for the people.
In the natural, you might ask, 'Brandon, is that possible?'Yes, all things are possible because I know Ezekiel 38 and 39 is about to take place.
What does that look like if we had a regime change in Iran? I don't add to or take away from anything; all I know is this is what I saw.
I saw other things concerning this that I cannot talk about, but these were the main things I can share publicly.
We need to pray for them to really be on alert because I saw this stuff and thought, 'How do you pray into that?'I bounce these things off my team here, and we want to stop this because it is very serious for our servicemen and women.
The other thing I was shown was the hotels and the glass fronts.
It looked like a black glass building. There were two buildings that looked like twin towers.
I know it was a hotel because the Lord said, 'This is a hotel.'It was on the riverfront of Chicago.
When this device went off in the middle of the building, it caused mass glass to shatter and everything was on fire. It looked like a complete loss.
As the firefighters and emergency responders were coming in, I saw an individual on another building with a 30-06 style rifle.
It had a wood stock; it wasn't military-looking like an AR. It was a wood stock gun with a smaller scope.
This was a normal-looking scope on this firearm. He was all in black, ready to take out emergency responders.
I saw one firefighter drop immediately because of this individual.
We will pray over our firefighters and that all hidden things will be discovered concerning Chicago hotels in the days ahead. It was a very prominent, detailed vision.
I also saw the river in New York with a massive building on the 41st floor; the Lord said this was more dominant than the other one.
It was very foggy. It wasn't as crisp. I don't know how else to describe it, but that's the way it looked.
And that's when the Lord said, "You're focusing more right now on Chicago."So, that's what we saw.
And then we were shown a masquerade party. I saw many men and women in masquerade masks.
They were in all kinds of rich, very thick, beautiful hooded robes that looked like white and black, and they had fur collars around some of them with detailed masks that were—some of them had long noses and some of them didn't—but all of them had some kind of drawing or jewels or something on their faces for rank or whatever.
I don't know what it was. I don't want to assume anything. But I saw these masks on these people.
And the Lord said, "Illuminati."Now, does that mean they're having parties with masks on?
I don't know. Is it symbolic? Could be. All I know is what I see and what I tell you what I see.
And as I was shown this, I saw these people with these hoods on across America, across Europe, across Mexico, and across Australia. There was a group in Australia.
There were people that were attached to some kind of a cultic brotherhood that was celebrities, Hollywood celebrities, sports people, music industry, you name it.
And they were all major players in our world economy and things that we do.
I could see the celebrities. I could see the sports people. I could name their names.
I'm not going to; that would be stupid. But I could see their faces and I could see them, and it was symbolic.
As I was seeing this, I saw major political figures, and I even kind of hinted to who one of them was in a darker area.
When this was shown to me, I saw "Anonymous."It was painted before my face in a word, and I saw another mask—"Anonymous."And I saw an individual concerning this, and I'm not going to describe it.
It doesn't matter. But I saw this individual that was a hacker, a computer hacker that was some kind of elite computer hacker group.
The Lord said that they would get in the days ahead—these kinds of hackers were going to get some kind of secret information concerning like Epstein list stuff to expose darkness in major arenas, and they wanted a ransom: big money.
Over $40 million is what I was shown. Big bucks. Well, to me it's big bucks.
Maybe to you it's not, but to me, that's crazy life-changing. $40 million is a lot of money, you know.
But there are some of y'all out there who'd be like, "48 million ain't nothing, Brandon."But to me, $40 million is a lot.
I saw big money as a ransom for this, but they didn't get what they wanted.
And I saw embarrassing moments coming for some celebrities.
In particular, I saw a woman that was a First Lady that ran for president scrambling like a rat on a ship, like freaking out.
I saw her face and she was freaking out for what was being leaked. She was the most dominant to me of anybody.
Her husband that used to be president acted like he just couldn't care less. He acted like, "You know what? It's there. I'm old.
What are you going to do about it?"Then I saw major key sports figures, huge people.
I saw the Lakers. It was very bold. I saw the colors that were connected to this darkness.
And I saw key figures with the Lakers, past and present; musicians that are here and some that are not.
One of which I thought maybe I could say their name because he's dead, you know, Blue Eyes. And so I thought it was interesting.
The Lord said this has been going on since the foundation of America, and it's underground.
And he said the darkness that is being exposed will expose generations.
And then he said, "This is going to be what we would call a new Edward Snowden in the days ahead that will even leak things out of the Vatican."There is new darkness that's coming that will be exposed through things that have been buried even in the Vatican.
And there are things that will be brought to light. That's what the Lord said.
And he said seed time and harvest is coming to its fullest potential.
The sower and the reapers are going to go hand in hand, and it will rain on the just and the unjust.
For what was sown in private, in secret, will be rewarded openly, and it will happen on the just and the unjust.
You're going to see blessing and you're going to see judgment.
Great judgment is coming to corrupted politicians and to people who are not just politicians.
But I saw blessing and judgment, favor, increase, multiplication, and people that would be very embarrassed in the days ahead, humiliated by what they had done and thought that they would get away with it.
This is even past sins. And I thought, isn't that interesting? I don't know how a hacker could find all that.
It's me in my natural mind; I try to wrap my mind around what the Lord's saying.
And it's probably not a healthy thing to do, but because this is me, I see the vision what the Lord's given me and I go, "Whoa, how even worse than what's been exposed this last two days with Bill Gates and the Russian girl and all that stuff and the things that were said on there and the emails and his wife and all that."That's very humiliating.
I mean, to me, that's very humiliating for him, for somebody of his power.
They said that was pretty gross. So, we see what's going on with all that.
A lot of pictures, a lot of things, people talking about things a lot.
And so, okay. So, how many minutes now? I'm trying not to talk too long.
Twenty? Golly, man. How does that time go so quick? Where will we be in 2027 or 2028? That's the time frame.
And when I saw the plague again and people talking about this plague, it's really starting to get media attention.
And I was watching a YouTuber named Jason A, and he had a video about the plague and a lot of snippets of media clips about this virus X and all this new virus, and even had Alex Jones on there talking and saying all this stuff and how it's genetically created.
They believe in a lab and that it—I told you it would be spread through animals and I saw rats, not bats, but I saw rats spreading this virus all throughout Europe.
Well, do you show them that? You can show them what's going on with that.
Don't—you don't have to show them the clip. Okay. Yeah, just the picture. Just show the picture, baby.
So, they're all freaking out and it's what the Lord showed me that it would be created in a lab, and I saw them injecting it into the rat and releasing the rats into heavily populated areas and it was spreading and people were getting sick and after they got it they just died.
It was just that fast. The more I've seen this and I'm praying over it, I saw it happening in Europe.
And that's whenever I saw it would explode from there, and then do you remember how I saw the faces of each continent, of Africa, and it turned red—the face turned red and it faded out as the virus went through like some kind of movie screen for me?
It was like a plague, and I saw it going through Africa. I saw it going down through South America and it went through all of Asia and it was spreading all over.
But it looked like it was something like whenever you touch a pen to a paper and it bleeds, and that's the way it looked in the vision.
It was bleeding. It was spreading like you would spread liquid. And I thought it was interesting, that vision.
I have these visions and the Lord showed us—how many times has he shown us this plague?
I can't even tell you how many times I have seen this, and that's usually when I know this is going to happen: when I see it so many times go over and over and over and the Lord keeps warning me to tell you all that something major—and I saw it start in January.
It started to be on the news a little bit in November and December, and by January it was starting to hit hard and by February, March, April, May, June...
and I saw May, that's whenever all the food and all the things were completely shut down all over the world.
There were no grocery stores open. It was nothing like COVID.
It was completely bare, like a ghost town everywhere. There were no churches. There was nothing.
And then I saw people with white pants, white shoes, white suits, and white ties, and they had a honey glow all over them.
And people go, "Well, Brandon, do you think they dipped themselves in honey?"No, it's a representation of the anointing.
The glory was on them, not honey. They didn't take beehive honey and rub their body down with it to protect them from a virus. It was a representation of the glory of God on folks.
The remnant, the church, the blood-bought, the redeemed were going out and laying hands on the sick with the power and the authority of the believer, and they were raising people up out of death.
I saw a glorious church rising during this time with people in white.
White was a representation of purity. It was a representation of what John G.
Lake used to wear: a white suit, a white shirt. He was always wearing white patent leather shoes, the glory of God.
Now people say, "Well, that's what one group of people would wear or whatever."I know this is what I saw as a type and shadow of the glorious church rising during this.
And I saw them going into tents, tent cities with cots of sick, dying people, and they were laying hands on them, and the power of God was raising them up out of their deathbeds.
Once the people got it, the hospitals were full and they had tents in parking lots of mega grocery stores because they had no place to put the bodies.
Do you remember? I saw the major ship outside of it; it was a medical ship outside of New York.
It had a big cross on it and it was a massive medical boat outside of New York because there was no place to put all of them.
If you've been following my channel long enough, you know that I've seen a lot of these things, and I saw the medical boat.
It looked like something out of a bad movie, some kind of zombie apocalypse.
It looked like hell on earth there. Everybody was, but the glorious church. And that's what I'm talking about.
They didn't have church in the city; they had church in rural areas, brush arbor churches with the glorious church.
Well, I was in church today just praying and the Lord said, "People are not getting prepared enough.
People are not believing me for bigger. They're not asking me for bigger.
It's for me and my four and no more."He asked me to believe Him for more.
He said, "Brandon, you need to enlarge your capacity to believe outside of what you think you know.
Ask me for over and above all that you dare ask or think. Not to hoard, but to help people for what's coming.
You must believe me for more."He said, "As I was listening and I was sitting there, I was not even there."I told Diana, I said I went off in another realm today.
I don't even remember what was said behind the pulpit. He was talking to me so loud as I was sitting there; I couldn't even remember who was sitting by me.
I went over into another realm and I was listening to the Father about what things are coming.
And He said, "Brandon, you must believe me for bigger. Stop thinking so small."And He was correcting me.
I got scalded. And I sat there and I thought because He asked me, He said, "What do you believe for February?
What do you believe for the year? I need you to enlarge your belief system."Churches need to be built. Things need to happen.
But it's going to take big bucks to do this, Brandon, and there's not many people that are believing me for it.
There is a storm coming. Regardless of what you hear on some of these prophetic channels, there is a storm coming. It will shake the world in the days ahead.
They say, "Well, I believe heaven on earth's coming."Yeah, with the glorious church, but it's going to be light in Goshen and it will be dark in Egypt.
Goshen, sorry, Goshen. It will be the light in Goshen; there'll be dark in Egypt.
Whenever the Egyptians were there and they had all the stuff going on, you had the glory of the Lord over the children of Israel.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you is that we're a representation of the same thing. The Lord said to me, "I'm gonna provide for my people.
I'm gonna put a protection around and about them."When I was trying to tell you about Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, this is what I'm trying to tell you: that you've got to prepare yourself for what's about to take place.
It is dark in Egypt and light in Israel. Yeah, it was Goshen. I believe with all my heart that we're the representation of that, that we'll be the church without spot or wrinkle rising up with a backbone like a crowbar, being that light in these dark hours.
And most people are still thinking about me and my four no more with that mentality of thinking, "How am I just going to get barely by to pay my electric, water, and gas?"And He said, "Start to stretch yourself to believe for more."And I'm like, "Okay, I can do it.
Help me. I believe; help my unbelief."Diana and I believe; help our unbelief. Stretch us.
I'm asking God to stretch you today to take you to the next level to believe Him for more.
Now, do you believe all these things are going to happen, Brandon?
I believe that's what Matthew 24 said. Now, is that fear? No.
We're closers. We were made for pressure. We were built for such a time as this.
It shouldn't shake us. Why? Because we've got what it takes. We're the closers of the game. He saved the best for last.
Now, your grandma's generation probably couldn't have handled it.
They'd probably freak out and crawl underneath their bed covers and hide themselves and sit and shake all day.
But not us because there is some—we've got that oomph, that grit to sit there and say, "Listen, we will not bow. We will not burn. We will take the land for Jesus.
We will rise up with a backbone and we will proclaim that Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming sooner rather than later."He's coming.
And I believe we're about to see this earth shaken like we've never seen it shaken before with signs and wonders, glorious healings and outpourings of the glory, the demonstrations and the manifestations—not just physical healings, but seeing people delivered of demonic spirits, seeing people raised from the dead, seeing blind eyes opened, ears opened, and the lame—all biblical stuff today.
I go, "Well, how come we don't see that?"I'm believing God for it, and they're seeing it in foreign countries.
I have people tell me, "Well, Brandon, we see miracles all the time in our church.
We live over in Africa."The modern culture of America, we don't see it a lot. And it's about to change. We see certain things.
You might hear somebody, "Well, I had a headache, brother, and I got healed."I go to Billy Burke's meetings and you see people get healed of really cool stuff.
But it's not the rule; it's the exception. That happens all the time.
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe. And that's what I'm expecting.
It's not something we go, "Well, every once in a while in the sweet by and by, some sister might get healed of something and we'll hear about it."No, I want it to be so widespread that it takes over our churches and we see it, and people are drawn to it in the world and say, "What are they doing in there?"Did you know I heard about 10 people in there that got healed of cancer this last week?
Send them over there if they have cancer. If they've got some kind of diabetes or heart disease, send them over because we know that if they go in there, the power and the glory of the Lord is going to raise them up out of their deathbed.
Shock and awe. We're in the news. What is it? Did you hear another testimony of somebody getting up from the dead?
Have you heard about anybody getting up from the dead? Not very often. It shouldn't be such a rarity—if ever.
You go, 'Well, they were in the morgue for a couple of days.'Well, I really don't know.
Is that AI? It should just be every day that we walk in the glory of God. And it's time to believe Him for bigger.
He said it, 'Enlarge your capacity to believe Me,'not just for finances but for the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory, entertaining angels unaware, flowing with the gifts of the Spirit.
Paul and Silas, bound in the prison, started singing. The walls began to shake.
They're set free. You go, 'What happened?'Look at that! I wonder if we could go back in time and sit there and listen to their stories.
What was their coffee time like in the morning? If they all gathered around, what did you see today?
When they were there talking and they had family time, and they're all sitting around, do you remember when Uncle John went out and did this or that?
Matthew went and did this or that. They're all in there, and we're having dinner together, eating figs or whatever they were doing and hanging out.
Do you remember that one time we went into the marketplace and we saw that guy get up from the dead?
I can't even imagine what their conversations were like, sitting there talking about the good old days.
But it's time for us to have our days. I just try to believe Him.
Stretch out and start to thank Him for what He's about to do in this generation.
He told me, 'Brandon, I'm going to show up and show off, and I will make Myself known to this generation—that I am not a God of religion and what our grandmas used to tell us about.'No, it's time for our turn.
It's time for this generation. He said, 'I'm going to visit this generation one more time with the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.'Brandon, it's time to believe Me for bigger.
The old wells of revival are coming uncapped. Listening to Him, like He said, 'It's a great day to sell silver today.'Really?
Well, that doesn't... okay. Well, it's a great day to buy some gold today if you could get two grand of it.
It's a great day just following His voice. It's just an example. 'You see that piece of land over there?
I don't know why, but if He said it, "Hey, that land right there is only a couple hundred dollars."'You go and you buy it, and the state comes in and says, 'We want to build a highway through here.
We want to buy it from you for five million dollars.'I just know that God is a God that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And if He can do it for one, He can do it for me. If He can do it for that person, He can do it for you. He's no respecter of persons.
And if you're listening to Him, even whenever your mind doesn't make sense of it—'I don't understand this in my natural mind'—the natural man perceiveth not the things of the Lord.
I refuse to be carnally minded. I want to be spiritually led.
God, lead me in everything I put my hands to. Help me, because in my natural self, I just barely got a GED.
But I know that the men of the Bible were uneducated men, but they had been with Jesus. That's what made them stand out.
What makes you stand out is that you've been with Jesus because He'll put His super on your natural if you would just allow Him.
'Can I use you in these last days?'Here am I, Lord. Use me. All I've got is what You can use.
This is it. You don't have much, but Lord, with what I have, You can use it.
Do something with it. And He'll take whatever you've got. Like the widow lady who just barely had something.
They just had the little bit of cornmeal and a little bit of oil to make a little cake, and they were going to die.
But look what the man of God did. He blessed it. They fed it to him, and every pot filled with oil.
They had all they could sell, and the blessing of the Lord was on it.
Look at what God can do just with a little. He can turn it around and make it into much.
I believe it's time to believe that the God of the Bible is the God of today.
He has not changed. And what He did then—they didn't even have the covenant that we have.
They were underneath the Abrahamic covenant. We have so much more.
Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of you. He didn't dwell on the inside of them.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He dwells on the inside of us.
As He is, so are we in this world. Now, we need to act like it and believe it.
If He would do that for Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; if He would do that for Daniel, Moses, Abraham, or Samson; how much more could He do it for you?
We have the Holy Spirit that dwells on the inside of us richly by faith.
How much more can He do through us if we just say, 'Yes, God, here am I'? I just think it's interesting.
I was sitting there today and He said, 'Enlarge your capacity to believe Me for more, Brandon.
You think too small.'I thought I was thinking big for what we're believing for. I'm supposed to believe God.
And He said, 'You're still not believing Me for enough.'And to wrap my mind around what He's asking me for...
He said, 'Don't you realize what we have to do in these last days?
We're at the end of this. The sun is setting on this dispensation of grace.
Do you realize I'm standing at the door and the bride is asleep?'Most of them have no urgency of My coming.
It's time to rattle the cages. It's time to wake them up. I'm coming.
It's like when He said to the disciples, 'Could you not just pray with Me for one hour?
The hour is at hand.'I refuse to be asleep behind the wheel. Come on, wake up.
So, I've said enough, but I tried to tell you what He's saying to me and just taking that step with Him of intimacy.
You don't tell your secrets to somebody you don't trust. You tell your secrets to somebody that you're intimate with.
Can God share His secrets with you? Are you intimate with Him? And that's what He said.
You don't tell your secrets to anybody other than Dina because you're intimate with her. She's your friend; it's more than that—we have a covenant.
There's nothing that she doesn't know about me, and there's nothing that I don't know about her.
There is an intimacy in a marriage where you know everything about that individual.
And that was what the Lord was saying to me: there's intimacy, and the more you're intimate with Me, I'll tell you the secret things.
But I don't share intimacy with people who are not intimate with Me.
Become intimate with Me and I will be intimate with you. I will show you that which is to come.
You say, "Well, I don't hear Him. He doesn't talk to me about that kind of stuff.
Are you any better than me, Brent?"No, no, no. My decisions have been different.
Maybe my walk with the Lord has been different. I don't know the time you spend with Him.
I don't try to say, "Well, I'm self-righteous; I spend all these hours a day."No, it's quality time.
It's intimacy. It's allowing Him in your thought pattern. It's allowing Him into your inner circle and inviting Him daily, not just every once in a while.
And it's obeying Him even whenever your flesh doesn't want to.
Your flesh will scream whenever He tells you to give certain things away and do certain things, and you'll go, "I will not do this."But it's being faithful with little, and He'll make you ruler over much.
Whenever you're faithful with the small thing, God will bless you with the bigger thing.
But until you become faithful with the little, don't you ask Him for more?
People always ask Him, "Well, how come I can't go from here to there?"It starts out with just five dollars.
Can you be obedient with a dollar? Can you be obedient with a hundred dollars?
If you cannot be obedient with a dollar, how does He take you to a hundred dollars?
He will not share His secret things with people He cannot trust.
Prove yourself trustworthy in these last days, and He will show you the secret things and the hidden things.
Be faithful with what He's given you, honor it, and take care of it.
I don't know how many times I would take our clunky car to the car wash and wax a car with the paint coming off or wrecked.
People said, "Why don't you replace that bumper?"I didn't have the money to.
The bumper was falling off of our Honda Accord, and we didn't have the money to fix it.
We had it zip-tied. We fixed that thing with Diana. But I always waxed and took care of that car falling apart.
Even when they repoed it because we couldn't make our payments, they took it from us.
It was falling apart, and I remember they came—and it's bad when you get a car repoed from you when the front bumper's off and there's so much stuff going on with it—but I kept it clean.
And when they came up there and took it, I kept it clean. And the guy goes, "Man, he took care of it.
You tried."Amen. Even whenever the bank came in and took it from us, I took care of it.
You've been faithful even with what God's given you. Even if it's not that nice, you always take care of it.
And when you borrow somebody else's car, you make sure it's full of gas and clean when you return it.
Don't return it dirty and with an empty tank of gas. Always do good unto others. Bless them. And that's what we've always tried to do.
If Grandma ever lent us her van, I always made sure it was clean, vacuumed out, and full of gas when I returned it.
Always. More gas than when we got it. Yes. Always treating people with respect when it comes to borrowing their stuff and honoring it when you get it.
Don't return it back broken and don't return it back dirty. When you go into somebody's hotel room, don't leave it trashed.
I always think somebody's going to have to come in here and clean this up.
I clean it before they—hey, it was always nice and clean and not trashed.
You go in there and don't steal their towels. "Well, you know what?
I'm going to take the towel."No. Or the robe. You honor where you go.
Show God wherever you go. Show people. That's what I try to do everywhere.
Have integrity. Clean the church as if Jesus Himself was walking in there.
Do it unto the Lord. And continue to do it. Whatever you do, do unto God. I did it every single time with everything.
When you mow somebody's yard and they couldn't take care of it, I made it look like it was the best.
Who's going to come? And I want it to look the best when they show up. Have integrity.
Even mowing grass, pulling weeds, whatever you can do, have excellence in doing it.
Cleanliness is godliness, you know. It doesn't take much for a bar of soap.
You shouldn't stink. Take care of yourself. Take pride in the way you look.
Clean up and go to church and smell like Zest or some Dove or whatever you got at the dollar store.
But for my goodness, at least don't come to church and they go, "Man, he always smells like BO."I remember this guy; he always smells like body odor and a dirty bottom, and you go—and his hair is oily—but it doesn't cost much for a bar of soap.
Do your best to try to take care of yourself because you represent the King. Some things are just flat laziness.
I don't know why I'm getting off on that, but I remember going to this one sister's car and the Lord said, "I want you to clean your car for her."She had cockroaches in her car.
Why? Because she didn't want to take the trash out of her car and she ate in there every single day.
If I mentioned her name, she'd really be embarrassed right now.
But the Lord said, "I want you to take her car and go clean it up for her.
Change her oil."I said, "When's the last time you changed your oil?"She said, "I don't think I've ever had it done before."It was blowing black smoke out of there.
And when I dipped the dipstick out of it, it was so corroded that when they opened the pan up, it looked like it was throwing a rod because after 50,000 miles of never having your oil changed, it's a big deal.
Did you have the money to do it? Yes. You just didn't do it. That's the kind of stuff.
And I remember going in that and there was cockroaches all inside that car and I looked and I said, "My God, there's more food in here from five weeks ago, six weeks ago."It was growing mold.
Never clean out your car, but complaining that she didn't have a man. "Can't find nobody.
Nobody wants to marry me."I said, "Well, my God, I can't imagine what your house looks like.
What man would want to crawl up next to that?"I'm just being real.
You smell so bad and your car is so cockroachy and I can't even imagine what your house looks like.
"But I'm believing God for a man."And I'm thinking, well, dear God, sister, people just don't let the elevator go to the top.
There's just so many people who believe for so much, but they don't put practical sense behind stuff, too.
Dirty, dirty, BO, nasty, and you just go, "Come on, take care of yourself a little bit."I know some people have weight issues because I've overcome it.
But there's a difference between being fat and gross and not taking care of yourself and having obesity problems and taking a bath at least and having some smell good to you.
I don't know why I said all that, but it came right out, didn't it? It is what it is. The church needs to grow up.
And the only way you're going to do it is getting a hold of yourself and shaking yourself and realizing Jesus Christ is coming.
And it's time for the church to be that church that is full of fire.
And you look at Him and go, "We stand out and we're different in these last days."Instead of going, "That's the church."I hear all these scandals and all this I'm going to call it vile crap going on the internet right now and you go, "Can we not just get our stuff together and be that glorious church?"Husbands, honor your wives.
Wives, honor your husbands. If you've got a sin issue, stop preaching. Get out from underneath the pulpit.
Sit down and let somebody else have a hold of it that's got some integrity up in here.
If you've got a drug problem, fix it. If you've got a lust problem, fix it.
Don't tell me you're looking at porn and talking to girls in chat rooms and you're preaching to church people on Sundays.
Ananias and Sapphira are about to show up. That kind of stuff is about to show up in here.
And you're going to see people flat out fall dead behind the platform and you're going to go, "What happened to him?"Well, you know what?
Judgment set in. Well, God's merciful, brother. Yeah, but the time is short and it's time for her to grow up.
Well, we go out and we just social drink a little bit. We go out and do all these things.
You're ignorant, too. I don't want to be anything like the world. I want to be like Him. I want to come up higher with the fire.
I want to be that when you lay hands on somebody, you see some results.
And you don't see that through compromise. Yeah, we have bad days and things can happen.
You fall and you pick your knees up, but it's not where you live.
You don't make it a habit to mess up and have flesh farts and say bad words and do things. You keep yourself under and you go higher with Him.
So I just try to help y'all because I see there's so much of it right now and I'm so annoyed by some of it.
And you've got this person over here that's prophesying this and everything.
You say, "Well, this brother's been in the word for 30 years prophesying things,"but has one of his words come to pass even in the last five years?
You can call yourself a prophet all you want to, but if there's no fruit behind it, shut up. I'm just saying.
Well, this prophet said this and I said, "But has any word he said come to pass in at least five years?"If not, shut up. I'm just saying. All right, let's take a minute.
And if they're saying something and it's like one person said about me, "Well, if you throw enough poop on the wall, something's going to stick every once in a while."And they were smart to me.
And I thought, well, for one, if you can go in my track record of everything the Lord has said to us, it's been pretty steady on the news.
Now, I'm not saying everything, but there is some stuff on there.
You can go in there and say, "Listen, you can find it in the news and things that I've told you we're praying about."I'm not just throwing poop on the wall and trying to see if it sticks.
I truly believe I'm hearing by the Spirit of God to tell you to pray and there's fruit.
If not, I'll turn the channel off today and I'll say bye. I'm going to go back to doing eBay and Poshmark full-time.
I don't want to cause any confusion, but I'm going to tell you this because this is not a job to me.
I have better things I could do with my time right now. I could take a nap. I'm just saying.
But I'm doing this because the Lord asked me to specifically even today, but I feel in my heart the Lord has assigned us to do this for right now.
And I feel like there's a lot of people out there that just do it because they try to remain in the media and the clout of doing it.
"What's the new word, brother?"Who knows. I depend on Him. I'm not here making stuff up.
What did the Lord say? "Let's pray for the hotels."You know, you can tell I've been frustrated.
Obviously, I'm talking too much. Braden's laughing at me. Oh Lord, I'm going to get in trouble.
Father, it's not funny. I don't want to get in trouble. Not from me, not from You.
I'm talking about from the Lord. You don't ever say anything to me.
You're going to say the Lord. I get a spanking. You know, He'll say, "What did you say?
What did you say?"Shut up, Braden. I vent. I'll tell you how it is.
I watch it all and I'm shaking my head and just going, I look like a meme.
Put me as a meme. Father, we just thank You, Lord, for the body. Lord, if I've meddled too much, Lord, forgive me.
I say this stuff, Lord, and it's probably out of my own frustration about things I see on YouTube and on things, Lord.
I just ask You, God, to help me to grow up even more. If I miss it and I mess up bad, forgive me, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory that every single one of us, Father, are made in Your image and we're so hungry to come up higher.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body for Father, You said in Your word that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon You and with Your stripes we're healed.
And Lord, we just fall at that mercy seat right now. And we're so grateful, Father, for all that You've already done for us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. We're healed and whole and well.
And by Your stripes, we're healed. And we take this body right now in Jesus'name.
And we are healed. We are well. And we expect it. We expect it.
We're believing believers that are expecting the manifestation.
It's time. There's an expiration date to what we've been believing for.
And Lord, we take this body in Jesus'name. And we expect that healing to flow on the inside of us.
We expect cancers to go away, diabetes to go away, heart disease to go away, Alzheimer's, dementia, strokes, all the things of the world from our diets and our food and the things that we consume on a day-to-day basis.
Father, we ask for mercy on that, too. And we thank You, Lord, that Father, You're a God of grace and You'll help us through the situations.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus and we expect healing. We expect deliverance in Jesus'name. Amen. And amen.
Lord, we thank You for the blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over us and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
I thank You, Father, if we confess our sins, You're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. We thank You for the blood right now.
I plead the blood over Diana, over me, over Braden, over Megan Paisley, over us, our finances, our house, our dogs, our cars, whatever we have.
Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over us. And I thank You, Father, no weapon formed against us would prosper.
Now, God, I lift up this blood before You. And I thank You, God, that we're redeemed by the blood of the Lamb, by the word of our testimony.
And we thank You, Father, that we're coming up higher. We're coming up higher, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus'name. Amen. And amen. Thank You, Lord. I plead the blood over my eyes.
And if there's anything You want to show me, if there's anything You want to show us tonight as we pray for a little bit here, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we plead the blood.
Want some water? Oh, I have my water. Thank You. Yeah. I yield to the anointing of the prophet.
I yield. I yield to that anointing. I feel it. Thank You, Father.
The heaviness is lifted. Glory to God for Your hand on our home.
We yield to that anointing higher than any other. His name is Jesus.
His name is Lord. His name is higher than any other. His name is Jesus.
I call You Lord. His name is higher than any other. His name is Jesus. His name is Lord.
But isn't it interesting some of the songs they just pull up right in my spirit and I don't even know the words but I can hear them being sung.
I hear that one being played at Billy Burke. Oh Father, we love You.
We glorify Your name in all the earth. We glorify Your name. We glorify Your name.
We glorify Your name in all the earth. We magnify Your name. We magnify Your name.
We magnify Your name in all the earth. We glorify Your name. We glorify Your name.
We glorify Your name in all the earth. Holy Spirit, we love You.
We praise You. We adore You. We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We glorify Your name. We glorify Your name. We glorify Your name in all the earth.
We magnify Your name. We magnify your name. We magnify your name in all the earth.
Well, you know, Lord, it's funny because he said, 'I yield to you, Father.'He said, 'There are a lot of things you said right then, son, that I've wanted to say for a long time.'That's what he said, but nobody else would say it.
He cracks me up. He was laughing, but I think he said, 'There are a lot of things you just said that I wanted to say for a long time.
People want to say them at the church.'I just love him. He's such a friend.
Well, you know, I'm going to say it. I'm going to say what you say.
Well, praise the Lord. Y'all just excuse me for a little bit. I mean, I was talking to my sweetheart.
I get tickled with him when I can hear him, and I was thinking when I was singing his songs to him, he started laughing.
I said, 'What do you want me to do?'And he said that. Isn't that funny?
But it was the way he said it. I love his tones. Do you know there's more than one way the Lord will talk? There are different tones.
Just like when we have a conversation, you know when I'm mad and I'm happy or whatever; you just know the flow of the conversation.
He has tones and it's funny. I just love it because we're made in his image, with personalities of sadness, happiness, and all the different emotions.
He has emotions. The way he flows in conversations, I can always tell where he's at after you practice his presence.
You practice his presence. 'Where are you in this? What's your opinion about this?'He has an opinion over everything, and he will talk about everything.
It's not religious; it's relationship. And people always are looking at God as religious, and God is the furthest thing from religious.
He is relationship. He wants to be your friend. But he is corrective because he corrects those he loves. But people don't look at it that way.
He corrects me hard, but he'll say, 'I want you to show me grace and how much correction I'm giving you today.'Because I have an attitude about it, he'll say, 'I want you to show me grace in your heart toward me.'How?
Because he's looking at how I'm talking to him in my heart. He goes, 'I'm correcting you because you need correction.'And I say, 'My flesh is not happy with this. Forgive me. My attitude is terrible. Help me.
I know I'm automatically always wrong and you are always right because you're perfect.'But in my little way, help me to understand how I could do better to come up higher in fellowship with you, to a perfect God who doesn't have any faults, who doesn't have anything wrong.
Everything he does is perfect. Everything he is is perfect. Everything he is is love. God is love.
Everything he does for you and everything he's thinking about you is out of love. I want your life to be better.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.'His love, his being, everything for you is love.
Even whenever your flesh doesn't feel that way at the time, it's all directed out of love.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your time of prayer today.
If we could just sit with you a while and come up higher in our time of fellowship with you.
I need you to hold me moment by moment till forever passes by. We just want to sit with you as we start this work week.
As we get ready to start a new work week, as we get ready to start all the things that are school and the mundane, the 8 to 5, the Monday through Friday.
This work week ahead, we dedicate it to you, Father. I thank you, Lord, that you're there in the midst of the day-to-day mundane, and we take every single moment not for granted.
For somebody just took their last breath right now and wanted to be here tomorrow.
We don't take for granted the very life we've been given. Every second of every minute of every hour of every day is precious and holy.
We take the moments that you've given us on this earth to give you glory, honor, and praise with every breath we breathe.
Father, let my life become a fragrance before you that is beautiful.
Help me to bring you praise today on a higher level. Help me to come up higher.
Father, Holy Spirit, the only way I know how to do that is just to yield myself completely to you.
Help me to pray. Help me to find a deeper, more intimate relationship with my father.
Holy Spirit, you help me and guide me and lead me into all things.
Help me. I can't do this on my own, and you don't expect me to. And I go from glory to glory every single day.
We seek you, Lord. And you said that when we seek you, we will find you.
When we knock on the door, it'll be opened. Thank you, Lord, that we come up higher with the fire.
We come up higher and we come up quicker, faster than normal, Father, because we're out of time.
You'll do a quick work in us, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that you correct those that you love.
And I thank you, Father, even whenever I feel like there's some times when you correct me that I want to crawl underneath a rock, I know you're doing it all out of love.
I yield to that anointing of correction. We yield, Father, to your hand of plying us on that potter's wheel.
Help us. Take us from glory to glory to be more like Jesus and further from this world.
Help us, Lord. If we could just sit with you a while. We want you to hold us moment by moment till forever passes by.
Coming up higher. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
He said, 'Many of them do not realize that I am a God of excellence.'Excellence. Everything he does is perfect.
Whenever he made the earth and he made everything, he did everything he could to make it the best.
It was the best. It is finished. He saw that it was good. Whenever he finished the earth, he saw that it was good and he rested.
It was excellence. Everything he wants us to do should mirror who he is. He's a God of excellence. He wants us to mirror that.
Excellence in the way you take care of yourself; do things in excellence.
Just strive to be more like him. I saw that it was good. Everything I set out my hand to do, I did it good.
It was excellent to know him. To know him not just about him, but to know him intimately.
There are a lot of people who just want to know about him. I don't want to just know about him.
I want to know him. I want to come up higher and say, 'Oh, Father, what's on your heart today?
What's your trigger today?'The Lord will show me. How do I know more about you?
To know you intimately. Glory to God. Father, we worship you. We glorify you, Lord.
We magnify you now over all the prayer needs and all the things that we've seen even with the hotels. Father, we thank you right now in the name of Jesus.
We go before you and we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are warring in our behalf over all of the Chicago hotel rooms on the riverfront.
Now, I'm not exactly sure, but you do know what you warned us about.
Father, I thank you for a supernatural protection over our firefighters and over the law enforcement in that area.
We call an uncovering of every plot, every plan, and every single assignment to be uncovered in the name of Jesus over that area, over Chicago.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now over the riverfront, over whatever those two buildings are.
I say in the name of Jesus, every plot and every plan is falling in Jesus'name.
If there is any kind of mass explosive device in those buildings, we call it to not be able to go off that day.
Whatever it is, that it would be foiled in Jesus'name. I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that the hand of the Lord is on it.
That's what he called a black swan event. I see something. You're meddling.
You will not meddle anymore concerning this. It's a distraction.
This is a planned distraction from all that you're seeing in the news.
The Lord says, 'Fix those blinds.'It's a planned distraction from everything you're seeing in the news.
It's to draw attention over here as a sleight of hand. What's going on in the news is to distract from it.
I'm going to say it like this: there's more in the days ahead.
I'm going to describe what I'm seeing. There are tiers of uncovering.
As it keeps getting into this uncovering, there are levels of uncovering.
This level that was just released was pretty bad, but the next one's even worse.
As these things are being brought to the surface, this new Edward Snowden and these things that are about to take place, they will try to cause a sleight of hand distraction to pull away from what's being displayed upon the news, to reframe the embarrassment, to take away from the embarrassment because people are distracted with tragedy.
Look for this black swan event and take authority over it, for there are things that are playing in motion for certain people who are in these files that they don't want their names out there.
They want to cause confusion with more political theater concerning rioting with ICE in LA in the days ahead, a great distraction concerning the Lakers.
I showed you this for a reason: the Lakers, Los Angeles, Newsom to bring forth distraction from the corruption that is going on in LA, in Sacramento, and in San Francisco.
There is a coming unfolding of great corruption, and there will be a matching of corruption, a way of distraction to go against the corruption with rioting and protesting that will be paid demonstrations on another level for the political theater.
This is very serious. The political theater concerning this is to get him to the White House, trying to keep him on the road to the White House.
The snake on his belly. It will go all throughout Portland and into Seattle. There's great corruption that will come to unravel.
I hear, 'To unravel.'This is like a braided cord, and as it starts to braid, the braid of this cord comes unfolded before your eyes.
You'll see it come up in the media, and they'll bring forth distraction after distraction, provoked assaults.
I see another incident with an officer concerning an ICE agent.
I can see the street; I can see the agent trying to provoke another shooting.
Seattle will be a major hotspot in the days ahead for corruption to be uncovered.
There's great corruption in Seattle, including election fraud.
There is darkness there concerning the politics, even with judges on a greater scale in Seattle.
This will be—there is a great satanic origin there. The Lord said this is a stronghold, and it will start breaking.
It's brittle. It starts brittle and it will start to break all throughout Seattle.
Have you seen when something is very hard and crispy and you take a hammer and hit it and it splinters? This is the way this looks.
When you take something like peanut brittle—it's very hard—and the moment you hit it with another hard object, it breaks and splinters into thousands of pieces.
So look for distractions on a greater level to deter attention.
It's 'Look over here, look over here'instead of where these things will be discovered.
Oh, the young man—pray for the young man in Minnesota. You know who I'm talking about.
Nick Shirley is there. Pray for Nick Shirley. You need to pray for this young man.
I see him on a street like John Lennon. Oh, God have mercy on this young man.
I see him going on a street. He has much more to do. We call him protected in Jesus'name.
They would try to make an example of him. I see him with a gray hoodie-like shirt on; he's actually wearing a vest.
Protect this young man. I thank you that the angels of the Lord are camped around him.
This is a very clear, dominant vision. I thank you, Father, that you protect him.
He has two people with him who look like bodyguards. There is so much corruption in LA and throughout California.
This is a hot den of corruption. It's like when you see a putrid infection on your body, full of pus, and if you push it, it's just nasty.
This is what California is; it's festered. It's all on the coast and inward, spread out with financial corruption.
They've been doing bad with your money—the taxpayers'money. There is great financial corruption in politics.
I'm looking at computer screens, and there's no one there to challenge it because even the ones who say they are good are bad.
The level of darkness and corruption in California is off the scale, and it goes into Seattle and Portland, all down the coast with election fraud.
We pray over that man. We pray over this young kid. We thank you, Lord, that you spare his life.
A thousand shall fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand, but nothing will come nigh this young man.
He will live and know exactly where to be. We ask for an uncovering and that he would have supernatural wisdom.
Father, I thank you for your protection. Uncover the darkness. Overwhelm their plan and their agenda.
Raise more people like him up to bring forth the corruption and expose this corruption.
Expose this darkness all throughout Los Angeles. Expose it all throughout San Francisco.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord. They say, "We will shut him up."I hear them.
"We will shut him up."I hear one particular voice that is very loud about this, and I can tell you who it is, but I will not say it out loud.
You know who it is. He says, "We will shut him up."He's specifically talking to somebody.
"We will shut him up."Holy Jesus, you're holy. The Oscars are before me.
I see the Oscars. Anti-protest on another level. Paid demonstrators at the Oscars.
No, I see this thing that's coming up out of it that looks like some kind of alien head. It looks similar to the movie Aliens.
It looks like a long-looking, demonic-looking pink head that's coming out, and they're walking into it.
This level of it is a see-through demonic-looking head at the top with darker purple that has the alien-looking thing that opens up, you know, like Predator, and the face opens up at the mouth with those things.
That's the way this looks. But it's dark purple and this pink-looking thing that they're walking into concerning the Oscars.
It's a principality. Hallelujah. Praise you. It's what they've yielded themselves over to.
They've yielded themselves over to this as they have surrendered themselves to this flow.
It's the distractions. There are many distractions for the political theater.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering it all. You're uncovering every one of these plots and plans.
Father, the plots and the plans of the wicked. For you laugh at the plans of the wicked.
He laughs at them. Oh Father, we thank you, Lord. We call every plot across this nation for political unrest to have rest.
Every plot, every plan. What is that? It looks like a peacock again, but it's every plot, every plan of instability.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's peace in our land.
There's peace in the rioting. There's peace. I see massive protests coming again in England.
I see mass protests coming all throughout England. I see great political upheaval and unrest all throughout England.
I see the same for France. Great rioting in France and political unrest.
Decisions that will be made. It's a powderkeg. Remember, anti-Semitism will be at an all-time high in the days ahead.
And anti-Semitism will be similar to what it was whenever it was like a Hitler time.
The way the people—it's hostile. I'm not talking about a Holocaust; I'm talking about the thinking.
It's anti-Israel, anti-Jewish. It's a thinking. It's like a sickness.
And it will be in major cities. I see it in Europe. I see it in America.
I see it pushing. The wicked plot against the just. Read that.
"The wicked plots against the just and gnashes at him with his teeth.
The Lord laughs at him for he sees that his day is coming."Psalm 37:12-13.
That's good. I like it. "The wicked plot against the just and gnash him with his teeth.
The Lord laughs at him for he sees that his day is coming."Psalm 37:13. I believe it. The Lord laughs at him.
Every plot of destruction, every distraction from the reaction to what we see on the news because of the uncovering.
These people are upset, so they want to distract from the reaction because of what's being uncovered: plots and plans.
Sleight of hand. Sleight of hand. "Don't look over here; look over here."We want you to look over here to get a foothold in the media back again.
They're losing the foothold. There's too much being uncovered.
And even with this young man uncovering the dark political drama, this is the uncovering of money.
And this is interesting—I see another face rising up beside this Nick.
Do you know the other guy that has a channel that has the glasses? He's the other YouTuber. Benny Johnson.
I see Benny Johnson uncovering dark things in the days ahead like with Nick concerning Gavin. He is trying to shadow him. Sort of like a shadow to him.
You're trying because he's getting a lot—he wants his name to come up higher—and I'm not saying any slight against this man, please.
You want to be in the media spotlight; you want your name to be in lights, people talking about you.
It works and people want this darkness uncovered. So you jump in the mess with them.
You go along and shadow what he did in Minnesota to shadow it. It's all about notoriety.
A lot of notoriety will come to people that uncover the darkness.
So I see Benny Johnson getting a lot of notoriety again as a shadow.
The Lord said, "as a shadow."Benny Johnson will get notoriety as a shadow.
He won't always be the main voice. Some things will, but some things won't be a main voice in the days ahead.
No, that's very clear. He's investigating and reporting right now. He's digging, so pray for him to find it.
The Lord says, "Pray for Benny Johnson to find what he's looking for."He's doing investigative reporting right now and there's things that will be uncovered in the days ahead for him to expose to the masses.
I see him typing, I see him having calls, doing groundwork. There are people associated with uncovering this darkness as an investigative reporter right now.
Help him. The Lord said, "Pray for him in the spirit."I see him and others trying to break the lid off of things for the Trump administration.
They're in with Trump, like Trump has them on assignment. Does that make sense? Like, "Can you do this for me?"Like a side hustle.
This is what I see: other political people that have a platform using them almost like you're a mercenary, like you're a mercenary hired outside, kind of like you'd hire government people to do something.
"We'll back you. You go look this up and you help us. You've got to uncover this and we'll give you the leads."So that's what the Lord says.
Pray for these people because they're going to uncover darkness that will put a target on their lives.
This is greater darkness than what most people even realize with trafficking and very dark things.
And when they try to uncover it, their families will be targets.
And that's why you pray for people like this because they're just doing their job.
But it's about political power. This is the Antichrist system.
And when you start poking at the antichrist stuff and you poke at this demonic agenda that has kids trafficking, all these things, you're uncovering something that has a very demonic stronghold, and people are very demonic and they're ruthless.
So, for people like those investigative reporters you see, pray for them.
Pray for him, pray for his family, his kids, and his wife. We don't want anybody to get hurt, but we want justice to be brought.
I'm telling you by the Spirit of God, I see this dark financial corruption in this state, and it goes clear up to Seattle and into Nevada.
There's great darkness and corruption, worse than in Minnesota.
So Benny Johnson and this other guy, and then you see Alex—but Alex is...
he is national. I see it so much. Even with Tucker Carlson, it's just political.
There's so much money already involved with these other men that it's like they don't want to get that much dirt on them because they already have big bucks.
This is about their name; they're like, 'Carlson's worth millions, you know?'So, you don't really want to mess with that.
Yeah, you'll tiptoe on it, but it's almost like, 'I'm above that.
I don't want to be down there because I'm already worth millions.
Why do I want to risk my life to do that?'He has it made in the shade, man.
You can buy anything you want in his world. But that's the way I see him in this vision.
He's over here, and he'll touch it, but he won't dip in it. This guy's still trying to make his name.
It's interesting the way I see the vision and how I'm able to look into it.
I say, 'Okay, this is because of the way the Lord's allowing that to happen tonight.'Just go, 'That's interesting.'Praying for protection over Benny Johnson, praying over his people and his colleagues.
Pray over his wife and children, that he'll be able to do this and uncover the darkness in Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that these men have boldness and they love the nation. Father, there are people that just love our nation.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing up men and women who have a backbone.
Father, we uncover this darkness in the Democratic Party and in the Republican Party.
But, Father, that Gavin will not make it to the White House. He'll not run for president; he'll have to go and sell ice cream.
I thank you, Lord, that he will not slither on his belly to the White House.
I thank you, Father. Father, our nation will have one more round. I thank you, Father.
Father, we have more time to bring in the lost, all to the glory of God.
We'll have a red wave in 2026. Father, midterms will be a slam dunk.
We will win by a landslide in Jesus'name as they keep uncovering all the darkness that is right there in plain sight.
They won't have to dig so hard; they'll find it and find it quick.
And Father, the people would be outraged at what's going on behind closed doors, and we would have a red wave.
Father, let Trump finish his agenda and let his life be spared.
We put angels around President Trump and around Eric, Don Jr., Tiffany, Ivanka, and the grandchildren.
We pray a hedge of protection around every single one of them and Barron.
We thank you, Lord, that protection is around the family, that no weapon formed against them would prosper, and over President Trump's wife Melania, and over the vice president and his children and his wife.
We pray a protection around our nation, that our leaders are covered with the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you, Lord, for your protection around them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for our men and women of service.
Father, that the Lincoln is protected and there'll be no explosion on the deck. There'll be nothing on the battleships.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every missile that would try to come against them, or drones or whatever, Father, we would block the bombardment of missiles; every single one of them would fall into the sea and it would not touch them.
And they would say, 'There could only be the hand of the Lord on our behalf that protected us today,'and you would get all the glory and honor and praise for it.
Every building—the skyscrapers in New York City, the rioting, the things that I've seen coming—Father, would not happen in Jesus'name.
There is peace throughout this land and a great revival will happen from sea to shining sea.
We call forth a major revival over this land in the name of Jesus and a great protection over this land.
Every plot, every plan of the wicked in Jesus'name is being uncovered through our FBI, Homeland Security, our NSA, our CIA—all of them.
Father, even the righteous in those departments would rise up in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for a great, mighty hand of protection over this nation; over President Trump as he plays golf or has a relaxing time, Father, that he is able to get refreshed, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, that we put godly people around him in the name of Jesus, that he'd make good, godly decisions.
That he would hear your voice, and a stranger's voice he would not follow concerning Iran, concerning Israel and Gaza, concerning Cuba, concerning the finances of this nation.
Father, if this pick for the Treasury when Jerome Powell's is replaced—if this isn't the right person, I ask you to harden the senators'hearts.
That they would reject him. That if it's not meant for you to have him in there, Father, all the senators'hearts would be hardened toward him and he wouldn't pass at all.
But Father, if this is your hand and he's supposed to be there, you would soften the hearts of the Senate and he would be in there.
Father, we're in a time that is critical and we call forth the political positions to be filled with the people that you want.
Not because it's a good idea, but it's a God idea. That you would raise up men and women of integrity and honor for this hour.
That Father, we would have people in positions of high authority who have good intentions for this nation, who would hear you and be led by your spirit in Jesus'mighty name.
And I thank you, Father, that you're raising up right now a person to take over that position that is perfect.
And I thank you, Lord, that it's not too hard to harden the hearts of the Senate.
We want somebody that's pro-crypto, pro-blessing, pro-wealth for the wicked laid up for the righteous to get the job done.
No more hindrances and no more delays concerning the outpouring of the finances. No more hindrances and no more delays.
We call for financial victory in the name of Jesus: supernatural debt cancellation, supernatural wealth transfer in the name of Jesus in whatever way it needs to come through—through every avenue, all five avenues, all the major outpouring of money to come into the church to be able to get the job done in Jesus'name.
And Father, you said when this gospel is preached throughout the whole world, then the end would come.
We are so ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus. Help us. Thank you, Father. We know that you want the revival more than we do, Lord.
And we yield to it, Father, that revival starts with my house and their houses.
And they would rise up, Father, and be bold as a lion in the marketplace and in the workplace.
And proclaim that Jesus Christ is Lord, not only in the church but also in the households and over America, over Australia.
He is Lord of lords. He is King of kings throughout the whole earth.
But Father, I thank you for that glorious church that will rise up with authority and power and glory in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father. I thank you, Father, that we're not in retreat mode; we're in taking-the-land mode.
We're not going, 'Oh no, the sky's falling, Chicken Little.'We're saying, 'No, Jesus is coming, and we're looking up, for we know our redemption is drawing nigh.'We believe, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Not to be weak and pathetic, but to be bold as lions. I thank you, Father, for every person who's represented here tonight, all 7,600 of them.
And we call, Father, fire on their lives. That the glory of the Lord would cause us to arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord would rise upon us. Father, let us be that church that you're looking for.
I thank you, Father, for every single person represented here tonight that's believing for miracles in their finances, for their health, for their unsaved loved ones, and for their marriages to be restored.
For all of them to walk in victory as we go from glory to glory, Father, created in your image.
We're not just barely getting by anymore; we're that church that's saying, 'Hey, we've got what it takes and we've got the equipment to get it done.'The anointing of the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of us richly by faith.
And Father, I thank you that you've come to set the captives free.
I thank you, Lord, that Jesus is shown throughout us and that the glory of the Lord is risen on our faces just like it was on Moses.
I thank you, Father, that you give our elders strength to finish.
I pray for my friend Billy Burke, Father, that you give him strength to finish.
For the elders of the churches, I pray that they would have strength to finish their jobs and that they are not ready to check out.
They have one more round. Give them strength in their bones.
Give them strength, Father, that they would have one more round, Lord, that their youth is renewed like the eagles.
John Kilpatrick and people like Andrew Wommack, the people that are leading Charis Bible College, you bless them, Father.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have one more round. Give them strength.
And if need be, two more rounds, though I feel like you're coming sooner than that.
We know, Lord, you're coming soon; we can see the signs of the times all around us.
Father, help us to be effective in what we do to bring in the harvest.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you guide President Trump concerning Iran tonight. That if he needs to push the button, he'll push the button.
That he would be able to see the liars that they are, and that Ayatollah Khamenei is a liar.
The Iranian government are liars, and we call for an exposing.
I ask you, God, to give him discernment on who is a liar and who is not.
That he doesn't just believe them just because they say it, but that he would have discernment inside of him to say, 'You're a liar, and I can see right through your lie.'Even concerning who to hire in his camp—those who are liars even in the midst of his inner circle—that he would be able to have discernment and say, 'Listen, you're out of here.
You're a liar.'Bring people of godly character and place them around him—praying Christians who are not just giving lip service or there to be a brown-noser.
Father, let them be there to help lead and guide this nation to become godly again. Not just great, but godly.
They say 'Make America Great Again,'but we say 'Make America Pray Again'to become godly again, to be one nation under God.
We will not have a Muslim Sharia law nation; we kick that out.
We will not have Sharia law in Oklahoma, in our states, in Australia, in England, in Canada, or in Asia.
We'll have God's law, Jesus'law, and He'll reign supreme because the church is taking its rightful place and privilege.
We're rising up and preaching the gospel like we should. I thank you, Father, that you put men and women of fire behind the pulpits.
Let them speak forth the truth—not a sugarcoated, watered-down porridge word feeding a bunch of anemic Christians, but people that learn the meat of the word and have a backbone to say, 'Listen, we are not going to bow down to Baal.
We're not going to bow down to your demonic thinking, your demonic doctrine, and all the things that you're trying to shove down our throats through political correctness.'We will rise up and be a church that says, 'No, enough is enough.'We are not going to stand for this anymore.
We're going to take back the land in the name of Jesus. We will have revival once again throughout America with great tents and great coliseums; where there are sporting events, there'll be glory events.
Remember what He said? We will have glory events instead of just sporting events.
And we believe it, Father. Glorious church, arise! Stadiums full of the glory of God.
We believe it: healing, wholeness, and wellness in our homes, and everything we put our hands to shall prosper.
We take authority over Zika or Nipah—whatever the name is. It's some kind of dumb name they've made up again: Nipah.
We call Nipah virus: you die in the name of Jesus. You will not spread. You are not coming on.
We adjure you by the blood of the Lamb to cease and desist in your maneuvering.
Stop it now in Jesus'name. Nipah, die in Jesus'name. You will not cause another pandemic. We will not have it.
I know, Lord, you talked about the one in 2028, but we definitely aren't having that one and we aren't having this one either.
We're coming against it. I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers our nations.
We're not just going to lie down and say, 'Well, they said it in the news, Nipah is here and here we go.'No, we're not having Nipah.
We're not having COVID. We're not having any of it. We have authority over disease and viruses, and we say in the name of Jesus: be gone, be cast into the sea, and die.
None of it's going to come near us. We say in the name of Jesus, we have authority over Nipah.
The angels of the Lord are taking care of this. Thank you, Lord.
Nipah is dead. We won't hear about it anymore in the news. They're going to say, 'What happened to Nipah?'It's gone.
It dried up. It went away like the whack-a-mole. He tries to stick his head up and we hit him.
You aren't sticking your head up; we're smacking him in the head like that game in the arcade.
If Nipah tries to raise its head up: no, you don't. We're not going to allow you to do it.
We take authority over COVID and these things. Father, we thank you that we are the blood-bought church, the redeemed.
We thank you, Father, for greater days are yet to come and greater things are still to be done.
This is the time the church rises up in the mighty name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that you're protecting our men and women of service tonight in every base—Iraq, Kuwait, all of them. We call our bases protected.
As we go into this week with the Olympics, we thank you, Father, that you protect our athletes and the people there to have fun.
If there's any plots or plans for any kind of catastrophic event, we thank you, Lord, that it is uncovered and brought to justice.
For every plot and every plan of the wicked concerning the Olympics this week, we pray it will be an opening ceremony that will not be blasphemous to you.
If they are planning something blasphemous, I thank you that they can't get away with it, like how blasphemous it was at the last Paris Olympics.
Father, we will not have that this time. Father, if it is, the church would be outright starting to say a lot and they would be embarrassed to do it again.
But Lord, we thank you, Lord, even with the Super Bowl on next Sunday.
All these major events that are about to take place, you protect the people that are going and there'll be no harm, no calamity, and nothing will come.
I thank you that every plot, every plan of the wicked, Homeland Security will uncover it, or the FBI, or the local Sheriff's Department.
And we give you the praise and glory for it in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Well, I kept you all a lot longer than what I was intending to. I know that was two hours and 25 minutes.
I probably talked way too long, but we were so thankful that you showed up tonight.
We came on a lot earlier so you could have more time with your families and then you could watch it back.
But we wanted to come on just to tell you all we love you like we always do.
We'll be back again tomorrow. I'm going to pray more this week. We have a lot more to pray about.
The Olympics is a big deal, and I'm praying over the Super Bowl and over President Trump to make these big decisions.
He's in the valley of decision concerning the third, going all the way up into the third, and these decisions make this a major week.
As we've already seen, the Fed Chair is a major decision and he made it, but maybe the Senate and then the government shutdown—I don't know if they shut down, is it a partial shutdown?
But there's a lot there, y'all. It always seems to be something.
But it's a very interesting week ahead, the first week of February.
Here we are. I can't believe January's over. Yeah, isn't that amazing?
It went fast. It went very fast. So, believe God for big things in February.
Let's believe God for big. It'll be a great month. Let's believe for a good month.
January was okay. It's like, all right. Well, we love y'all.
Be blessed. Enjoy your evening. Remember, we love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We love you. Jesus loves you. And we'll see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.